---
id: bacc550aa9c2b867
createdAt: 2024/04/28 00:48:25
updatedAt: 2024/04/28 00:48:42
thinoType: JOURNAL
---
I need someone to check out a draft I got after a lot of thorough analysis of the internal makings of the St. Pavlov Foundation
Sub-Divisions

Within the St. Pavlov Foundation, different parties superintend the innards and jobs that are held within the Foundation itself. The most notable parties are listed herein.

The House of Integratus
“Any affairs related to the human-arcanist relationship will be brought to their table, and they will handle each of the affairs with their properly manicured but muscle-torn hands.” (A Ride on the Toboggan, El Oro de los Tigres, ???)

The House of Integratus is one of two primary legislative sects within the St. Pavlov Foundation, which proposes and revises drafts to be submitted to the Committee, the other legislative party in the Foundation. The House of Integratus’ bailiwick is to manage and propose drafts shaped by internal and/or external events. The House of Integratus can also revise proposals. One notable instance would be the revised draft of Storm Reformation: Manpower and Discipline, which under the events of El Oro de los Tigres, would determine if the Timekeeper would be able to gain semi-autonomous function. Furthermore, if a draft fails to go anywhere within 60 days, the proposal will be abrogated and wouldn’t be able to be revised or resubmitted. This also applies to the Committee.
facts within this should be correct, but the entire explanation I need to simplify

#收集/Discord #基金会 #设定 